AGSteam: Steam API Plugin for AGS
LICENSE FILE
(C) 2011-2017 MonkeyMoto Productions, Inc.

Except where otherwise noted, AGSteam and all associated code and project files
are released under the WTFPL Version 2, which reads as follows:


    This work is free. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
    terms of the Do What The Fuck You Want To Public License, Version 2,
    as published by Sam Hocevar. See the LICENSE file for more details.
    
               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 2, December 2004
    
    Copyright (C) 2004 Sam Hocevar <sam@hocevar.net>
    
    Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim or modified
    copies of this license document, and changing it is allowed as long
    as the name is changed.
    
               DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO PUBLIC LICENSE
      TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COPYING, DISTRIBUTION AND MODIFICATION
    
     0. You just DO WHAT THE FUCK YOU WANT TO.


Some C++ source files include references to Valve's Steamworks API. These files
are also provided under the WTFPL with the following restrictions:


*  Any and all usage of the Steamworks API is considered to have entered the
public domain without incurring a breach of the non-disclosure agreement between
MonkeyMoto Productions, Inc. and Valve Corporation. The "CSteamworks" and
"Steamworks.NET" projects by Riley Labrecque are cited as evidence, as both of
these projects are released under the MIT license, and are publically accessible
via his GitHub account at <https://github.com/rlabrecque>.

*  Where the above statements regarding breach of the non-disclosure agreement
between MonkeyMoto Productions, Inc. and Valve Corporation are proven incorrect
or are insufficient to prove that such a breach has not occurred, the WTFPL shall
be immediately and retroactively revoked without exception. In such a case, the
user of these C++ source files must have an active non-disclosure agreement or
other licensing agreement with Valve Corporation granting them access to the
Steamworks API, or else they must immediately destroy all copies and derivative
works of the C++ source files which include breaching uses of the Steamworks API.
It is the understanding of MonkeyMoto Productions, Inc. that the AGSteam project
(including all C++ source files) does not include any breach of Valve Corporation's
confidential information, including all usage of the Steamworks API, however, this
is not formal legal advice. By accessing the AGSteam project files, you accept all
liability in the event that your usage is proven to breach Valve Corporation's
confidentiality of the Steamworks API.

*  These restrictions are applied only to those C++ source files which contain
references to the Steamworks API. These files can be identified by the inclusion
of the "steam/steam_api.h" header file. A notice has also been appended to the
beginning of these files for convenience.
